what's up guys Shane here thanks for
tuning in the game Ron today i'm
bringing you a review for the old school
style beat-'em-up dragon's crown this
PlayStation exclusive has earned quite a
bit of hype ferns beautiful art style
and blending of classic arcade games and
Martin RPGs but it's dragon's crown good
enough to bring back a seemingly dead
genre to the spotlight again let's find
out you're watching game rotten let's
start the show
you
I'll come right out and say it I love
dragon's crown need a gaming industry
dominated by first-person shooters and
the likes it's nice to have something
different not that Dragon's crown is
doing anything particularly new because
it's not the core of dragon's crown is
essentially an old school beat-'em-up
that you can easily find out your
favorite arcade or classic gaming
console the thing with dragon's crown is
that it takes all the best things from
these type of games and turns them up to
11 by taking all those arcade elements
and merging them with everything we love
without RPGs today you get a brawler RPG
hybrid with some absolutely stunning
graphics to boot there are six classes
to play as all unique and equally fun
with their own strengths and their own
weaknesses the strong ironclad night the
powerful wizard and the nimble bow
wielding health which was my personal
favorite just to name a few and just
like in any RPG you will be gaining
experience and loving lot to learn new
skills and use better weapons that you
find is loot but I'll get into loot in
greater detail in just a little bit each
character has tons of skills both
passive and active the elf for example
can learn to shoot a powerful charged
arrow that can go through multiple
enemies or apply poison or fire to her
arrows and daggers to great effect these
are not just throw away skills the game
offers a huge variety of ways to develop
your character essentially making you
able to create your own character builds
if you couldn't tell the game has a big
focus on coop dragon's crown supports
for players either online or local the
game is at its best when you and your
friends are all playing together but
strangely enough the online co-op is
only available once you've beaten the
game at least once which is a
questionable design decision and one of
the game's biggest flaws but luckily you
won't have any trouble with the local
play dragon's crown is the perfect game
to invite a few friends over and have a
blast playing all in the same room
something a lot of games rarely focus on
these days if online co-op is more your
thing the game doesn't take that long to
be there aren't too many stages and each
level can be beaten in less than 10
minutes
you'd be selling yourself short if you
stopped after you'd be in at once
there's side quest to complete new
classes to try out treasure to loot and
the o is addicting feeling of leveling
up now earlier on I had mentioned loot
which plays an interesting role in the
game as you play through dragon's crown
you'll obtain a ton of loot each item is
ranked on a scale of rarity as being
extremely rare and E being very common
but in order for you to see the stats
and effects of any weapon or item you
need to spend goal to appraise it it
offers up a nice risk reward system and
adds a bit of intrigue to the game I
become now there is actually a real
story to dragon's crown with the
narrator that tells the tale across your
entire playthrough giving it a Dungeons
and Dragons kind of feel I actually
enjoyed the approach the game took to
telling the story although some people
may find a narrator to be really
annoying as he will repeat the same
lines until we advance the story you
find the message he penned on the desk
all in all I found dragon's crown would
be an excellent game it's a throwback to
a simpler time in gaming and announced
all the games I came before with a ton
of replay value fun chaotic combat or
play co-op and some of the most gorgeous
graphics you'll see in a game like this
dragon's crown is certainly worth your
money not to mention that the game has a
price tag of 50 bucks instead of 60 I'm
giving dragon's crown and awesome eight
point seven out of 10 but I want to hear
from you guys what's your favorite class
or boss fight what's the best weapon
you've gotten so far sound off in the
comments be sure to subscribe to our
channel for more Dragon's crown and
other gaming videos in the meantime
peace out everyone